Please check the resources section of this lecture.
There is a PDF download available.
In this lecture, we are going to secure WordPress using various Ingenix directives.
We are going to be working with we are going to be working with three configuration files in this lecture
engine, Eckstut SEO in F, then we are going to be working with your domains.
Virtual host file.
In my case, it's WPEC ally dot com.
We are also going to be editing the dot Besch or C file.
The dot Benghazi file is located in your home directory.
The commands in this lecture, apart from, you know, to open various configuration files, Sudo Ingenix
hyphen T to test the configuration and sys ctrl reload Ingenix to reload the engine X configuration.
Before we get to securing WordPress using engine X, I want to discuss a Besch alias with you so far
throughout the course to test the engine X configuration you've been typing sudo Ingenix hyphen t you
can make use of Abeche alias.
So instead of typing Suja engine X hyphen T you could type in G.T. typing LGT would run sudo Ingenix
hyphen T.
It's simply a shortcut.
Another example to reload engine X sudo sys ctrl reload Ingenix instead of having to type that out each
time.
If you created a Abeche alias in are to run Suda system ctrl reload Ingenix you could type in G or the
Besh or C file is found in your home directory.
We will open it using Nannar to create an alias you type alias leave a space followed by the shortcut
you would like to use an equal sign apostrophe type the command apostrophe.
We will create three shortcuts.
One to test the engine X configuration, the next one to reload engine X and the third one to restart
the P.
If rpm in your home directory.
Alice I found a there is the Besh or C file a long listing.
The ownership is your user, your user.
You don't need to use sudo neno period Besch or C.
You can scroll down until you get to the section.
Some more ellis' aliases.
We are going to add our aliases in the section.
So you type alias o alias is going to be in T equals apostrophe.
What command do we want to run with.
The alias NJT Suja Engine X hyphen T you can add the next two lines.
Alias Engy are apostrophe Suda system ctrl reload Ingenix apostrophe will add one additional alias if
pm or we will use that to restart P if pm you can exit.
No, no saving your changes to enable the changes that you've made to the Benghazi file you type source
told indicating your home directory followed by the file name which is Besch our C.
So any stage if I want to reload the Ingenix configuration, all I need type is in g t followed by my
password that will speed up testing the Ingenix configuration as well as restarting Engine X tremendously.